That's it. You are at the end of the course.
I'm so glad you made it.
You're just about ready to be able to implement a data strategy in the real world.
First, we'll recap what we have covered so far.
Data pipelines, what are data pipelines,
and what are the components of data pipelines.
Next, we talked about data consumers,
type of data consumers,
and data use cases of data consumers.
After that, we covered data producers,
type of data producers,
and different types of data.
In our last lesson,
we applied our data strategy,
in which we discussed data processing strategies,
data storage choices, data infrastructure strategy,
and security, and compliance